README.md, before:

# Pleco-Collection
A collection of User Dictionaries and other useful resources for Pleco (the Chinese dictionary app)

## User Dictionaries

### How to install
To install a user dictionary in Pleco, you can follow these steps:

1. Copy the user dictionary’s database file (.pqb) to your device’s storage.

2. Open Pleco and go to Settings > “Manage Dictionaries”. Tap on the “Add User” button at the bottom right of the screen.

3. Tap “Add Existing”. Select your user dictionary database file.

**Note**: In order to enable the ability to import user dictionaries, you must already have bought the flashcards feature in Pleco.
___

### English

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- start_toc -->

Full Name | Description | Short Name | Version | Words
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---
[Chinese Character Dictionary](https://bit.ly/Pleco_CD-Dict-v3) | Definitions, radicals, stroke counts, HSK levels, General Standard#, and frequency ranks for 9,933 characters | CD-Dict  | v3 | 238,925
[Chinese Multilingual Dictionary](https://bit.ly/Pleco_ML-Dict-v2) | Translated to the following languages: English, Japanese, Vietnamese, French, Russian, Spanish, and Korean  | ML-Dict  | v2 | 238,925

<details>
  <summary>Screenshots</summary>
  
  ### CD-Dict v3 (238,925 words)

  Definitions, radicals, stroke counts, HSK levels, General Standard#, and frequency ranks for 9,933 characters
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226435608-82ded4eb-79f0-439d-85f8-1906e8639aef.PNG" width="200" />
  
  ___

  ### ML-Dict v2 (238,925 words)

  Translated to the following languages: English, Japanese, Vietnamese, French, Russian, Spanish, and Korean
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226435690-0277b87b-7838-4981-90e3-159b181161c8.PNG" width="200" />

</details>

<!-- end_toc -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
___

### Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- start_toc -->

Tên từ điển | Miêu tả | Tên gọi tắt | Phiên bản | Số từ
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---
[Chinese Multilingual Dictionary](https://bit.ly/Pleco-MLV-Dict-v2) | Từ điển dịch từ tiếng Trung sang đa ngôn ngữ bao gồm: Anh, Nhật, Việt, Pháp, Nga, Tây Ban Nha, Hàn và đặc biệt có cả phiên âm Hán-Việt | MLV-Dict  | v2 | 238,925
[Open Vietnamese Dictionary Project Dictionary](https://bit.ly/PlecoTrungViet) | Từ điển Trung Việt | OVD-Dict  | v1 | 157,844
[Modern Sino-Vietnamese (Han-Viet) Cognates Dictionary](https://bit.ly/PlecoHanViet) | Từ điển từ mượn Hán-Việt [2 âm tiết] bao gồm giản thể, phồn thể, nghĩa, xếp hạng, tần suất| SVC-Dict  | v1 | 5,018
[Sino-Vietnamese (Han-Viet) Monosyllabic Morphemes Dictionary](https://bit.ly/PlecoPhienAmV2) | Từ điển Phiên âm [đơn âm] Hán-Việt và cách phát âm| SV1-Dict  | v2 | 11,411

<details>
  <summary>Ảnh chụp (Screenshots)</summary>
  
  ### MLV-Dict v2 (238,925 từ)

  Từ điển dịch từ tiếng Trung sang đa ngôn ngữ bao gồm: Anh, Nhật, Việt, Pháp, Nga, Tây Ban Nha, Hàn và đặc biệt có cả phiên âm Hán-Việt
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226502177-3cf6793a-6d37-44c2-8461-7475b22f2f59.PNG" width="200" />
  
  ___
  
  ### OVD-Dict v1 (157,844 từ)

  Từ điển Trung Việt
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226453319-344afd55-aff1-4fe9-ba61-863fafbd631c.PNG" width="200" />
  
  ___

  ### SVC-Dict v1 (5,018 từ)

  Từ điển từ mượn Hán-Việt [2 âm tiết] bao gồm giản thể, phồn thể, nghĩa, xếp hạng, tần suất
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226453348-2e23a628-3ecf-484b-bcdd-d4cd74d9352f.PNG" width="200" />
  
  ___

  ### SV1-Dict v2 (11,411 từ)

  Từ điển Phiên âm [đơn âm] Hán-Việt và cách phát âm
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226453376-56c0a2e8-961c-43c1-988d-d7f9590943a4.PNG" width="200" />
</details>

<!-- end_toc -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
___

## Credits
- [hanziDB.org](http://hanzidb.org/) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in CD-Dict.
- [unihan-database](https://github.com/unicode-org/unihan-database) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in CD-Dict.
- [Google Translate](https://translate.google.com/) - for enabling the translation to multiple languages of the dictionary files used in ML-Dict and MLV-Dict.

- [Open Vietnamese Dictionary Project](https://sourceforge.net/projects/ovdp/files/Stardict/Chinese/) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in OVD-Dict.
- [chinese-hanviet-cognates](https://github.com/ryanphung/chinese-hanviet-cognates) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in SVC-Dict, SV1-Dict, and MLV-Dict.

Commit message:

added headwords from CC-CEDICT and CFDict
The total headwords in CD-Dict, ML-Dict, and MLV-Dict have been updated to 286,898 with data from CC-CEDICT and CFDict

README.md, after:

# Pleco-Collection
A collection of User Dictionaries and other useful resources for Pleco (the Chinese dictionary app)

## User Dictionaries

### How to install
To install a user dictionary in Pleco, you can follow these steps:

1. Copy the user dictionary’s database file (.pqb) to your device’s storage.

2. Open Pleco and go to Settings > “Manage Dictionaries”. Tap on the “Add User” button at the bottom right of the screen.

3. Tap “Add Existing”. Select your user dictionary database file.

**Note**: In order to enable the ability to import user dictionaries, you must already have bought the flashcards feature in Pleco.
___

### English

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- start_toc -->

Full Name | Description | Short Name | Version | Words
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---
[Chinese Character Dictionary](https://bit.ly/Pleco-CD-Dict-v4) | Definitions, radicals, stroke counts, HSK levels, General Standard#, and frequency ranks for 9,933 characters | CD-Dict  | v4 | 286,898
[Chinese Multilingual Dictionary](https://bit.ly/Pleco-ML-Dict-v3) | Translated to the following languages: English, Japanese, Vietnamese, French, Russian, Spanish, and Korean  | ML-Dict  | v3 | 286,898

<details>
  <summary>Screenshots</summary>
  
  ### CD-Dict v4 (286,898 words)

  Definitions, radicals, stroke counts, HSK levels, General Standard#, and frequency ranks for 9,933 characters
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226435608-82ded4eb-79f0-439d-85f8-1906e8639aef.PNG" width="200" />
  
  ___

  ### ML-Dict v3 (286,898 words)

  Translated to the following languages: English, Japanese, Vietnamese, French, Russian, Spanish, and Korean
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226435690-0277b87b-7838-4981-90e3-159b181161c8.PNG" width="200" />

</details>

<!-- end_toc -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
___

### Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- start_toc -->

Tên từ điển | Miêu tả | Tên gọi tắt | Phiên bản | Số từ
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :---
[Chinese Multilingual Dictionary](https://bit.ly/Pleco-MLV-Dict-v3) | Từ điển dịch từ tiếng Trung sang đa ngôn ngữ bao gồm: Anh, Nhật, Việt, Pháp, Nga, Tây Ban Nha, Hàn và đặc biệt có cả phiên âm Hán-Việt | MLV-Dict  | v3 | 286,898
[Open Vietnamese Dictionary Project Dictionary](https://bit.ly/PlecoTrungViet) | Từ điển Trung Việt | OVD-Dict  | v1 | 157,844
[Modern Sino-Vietnamese (Han-Viet) Cognates Dictionary](https://bit.ly/PlecoHanViet) | Từ điển từ mượn Hán-Việt [2 âm tiết] bao gồm giản thể, phồn thể, nghĩa, xếp hạng, tần suất| SVC-Dict  | v1 | 5,018
[Sino-Vietnamese (Han-Viet) Monosyllabic Morphemes Dictionary](https://bit.ly/PlecoPhienAmV2) | Từ điển Phiên âm [đơn âm] Hán-Việt và cách phát âm| SV1-Dict  | v2 | 11,411

<details>
  <summary>Ảnh chụp (Screenshots)</summary>
  
  ### MLV-Dict v3 (286,898 từ)

  Từ điển dịch từ tiếng Trung sang đa ngôn ngữ bao gồm: Anh, Nhật, Việt, Pháp, Nga, Tây Ban Nha, Hàn và đặc biệt có cả phiên âm Hán-Việt
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226502177-3cf6793a-6d37-44c2-8461-7475b22f2f59.PNG" width="200" />
  
  ___
  
  ### OVD-Dict v1 (157,844 từ)

  Từ điển Trung Việt
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226453319-344afd55-aff1-4fe9-ba61-863fafbd631c.PNG" width="200" />
  
  ___

  ### SVC-Dict v1 (5,018 từ)

  Từ điển từ mượn Hán-Việt [2 âm tiết] bao gồm giản thể, phồn thể, nghĩa, xếp hạng, tần suất
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226453348-2e23a628-3ecf-484b-bcdd-d4cd74d9352f.PNG" width="200" />
  
  ___

  ### SV1-Dict v2 (11,411 từ)

  Từ điển Phiên âm [đơn âm] Hán-Việt và cách phát âm
  
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14327094/226453376-56c0a2e8-961c-43c1-988d-d7f9590943a4.PNG" width="200" />
</details>

<!-- end_toc -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
___

## Credits
- [hanziDB.org](http://hanzidb.org/) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in CD-Dict.
- [unihan-database](https://github.com/unicode-org/unihan-database) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in CD-Dict.
- [Google Translate](https://translate.google.com/) - for enabling the translation to multiple languages of the dictionary files used in ML-Dict and MLV-Dict.

- [Open Vietnamese Dictionary Project](https://sourceforge.net/projects/ovdp/files/Stardict/Chinese/) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in OVD-Dict.
- [chinese-hanviet-cognates](https://github.com/ryanphung/chinese-hanviet-cognates) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in SVC-Dict, SV1-Dict, and MLV-Dict.
- [CC-CEDICT](https://www.mdbg.net/chinese/dictionary?page=cedict) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in CD-Dict, ML-Dict, and MLV-Dict.
- [CFDICT](https://chine.in/mandarin/dictionnaire/CFDICT/) - for providing the data source for the dictionary files used in CD-Dict, ML-Dict, and MLV-Dict.
